2011 spring/summer is just going so
exciting there's gotta be something for
everybody because there are lots of lots
of different trends coming up there's
all sorts of lovely warm colors coming
through some sort of burnt orange colors
sort of wall retro colors really with
all the lovely retro furniture which
I've always loved texture is one of the
most important things that's coming
through you know we don't want blank
canvases anymore we don't want straight
linear lines we want sort of mosaics
which give that lovely sort of bubbly
shape which could be in a vars it could
be on a tabletop could just be a simple
piece but it still got a lot of texture
in there to grab your attention in a
room it could be any cushion covers you
know there's lots of hand stitching
almost like sort of arts and crafts but
with a slightly more contemporary twist
so you could mix that in an urban feel
or in a country feel as well woods very
important bringing wood into your house
very warm colorful it's not like it's
got knots in it you know everything goes
really and that's the other thing is
really mixing things whether it's old
and new bringing the past into the
present you know you could you could
have a fifties chair and then have a
really modern avocado color bars and
you'd be spot on trend rugs are actually
becoming like works of art at the moment
on the floor no longer know they just on
the wall you can have this lovely piece
on the floor that you can all sit around
going that is our lovely rug and also
because I quite thick your feet can pad
through them that's what it's all about
really it's about wanting to touch
everything because everything is very
texture
an inviting and warm and sumptuously
makes you want to sit and and snuggle up
and I think that is the easiest way to
start to change your room is to give it
a bit more weeks and comfort and so
cushions curtains rugs is probably the
first way to start maybe change a color
wall as well can we change it back I
would really come straight into a rega
Bianchi go and see the interior
designers they want to come out and
measure rooms that you've got every
single look and cranny you've measured
they will then want you to come and look
through fabrics talk through the coming
trends see what it is you might go to
know what I really like this part of the
trend but I don't want it all I would
like an element of that and the element
of that and that a brilliant way of
designing is to be able to mix to please
you and then they will make your
curtains are pictures your fabrics go
bounce on all the surfers I mean this
shop is just goes on and on and on
forever and luckily there's a cafe here
as well so when you're starving you can
sit back have so much week then if you
go again